# Initial Takeaways
After installing and using k3s on a Contabo VPS, I've essentially gotten the Kubernetes bug. It's quite a lot of fun to play around with the various ways to implement container magic - all that important automation that comes from the various tools in the CNCF landscape. However, it is a clear realization that this is a time investment and setup cost that will take some time and energy to continue to pursue. It's clear that the costs of maintaining your own nodes with respect to time should be seen as learning at the sysadmin level - one may do better to understand how to use more expensive tools (like a K8s engine or backplane managed by cloud) could be worth it to learn. Baremetal K8s is a time consuming task, and getting up and running with a "production ready" instance is something that might net you a DevOps position making a pretty decent salary for a company in your LinkedIn network.

In the future, if I wanted a highly available cloud offering, I'd be looking at a decent amount of money to maintain and deploy apps on k8s backplanes in the regions I'm targeting. A more viable solution would be so called "container as a service" from Railway or Fly.io. Railway is very interesting due to the fact that it charges usage based, so unused RAM and CPU from services average out to a much lower cost for deployed apps over time. This is even in advantage to Fly.io, which is still another great service. 

Overall, the direction I'm beginning to see take shape is one that 